Beginner learning path (#1602)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/learning-path-beginner.md

---
title: Start Here! A guide for beginners making Office Add-ins
description:  A recommended path for beginners through the learning resources for Office Add-ins.
ms.date: 02/19/2020

> ms.topic: conceptual

Author: done

ms.custom: scenarios:getting-started
localization_priority: Priority
---

> 

Reviewer: Thought: Link to this page from the "Get started" section of the ["Office Add-ins documentation" page](https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/?branch=beginner-learning-path)?

Author: Done

# Start Here! A guide for beginners making Office Add-ins

> Thank your for your interest in Office Add-ins, the Office extensions that run cross-platform, including Office on the web, Windows, and Mac. Like many people who are exploring a new framework, your first question might be **"Where do I start?"**. So, we created this recommended sequence of resources.

Reviewer 2: Most of this looks really good, I just have a lot of tone suggestions throughout. 
I think it's worth trying to get to the point faster, suggestion below: 
```suggestion
Want to get started building your own cross-platform Office extensions? The following steps show you what to read first, what tools to install, and recommended tutorials to complete.
```

> ## 1 Begin with fundamentals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 1. Begin with fundamentals
```

Author: Used Linda's syntax

> We know you're eager to start coding, but there are some things about Office Add-ins that you should read before you open your IDE or code editor.

Reviewer 2: In my user tests, most people do what you are cautioning them not to do here (code right away). I just think if it were me and someone said "wait wait don't code yet" I would perversely want to do that even more than I already would. 
```suggestion
Learn the essentials of what an Office Add-in is, with these short overview topics: 
```

Reviewer 3: Style convention is 
"Step 1: Begin with fundamentals"
"Step 2: Blah and blah in the blah blah"
etc. Otherwise, omit numbering!

Author: done

> - [Office Add-ins Platform Overview](office-add-ins.md): Find out what Office Web Add-ins are and how they differ from older ways of extending Office, such as VSTO add-ins. (Spoiler alert: they're web apps embedded in Office and they run in Office on Mac as well as Windows.)

Reviewer 2: I like the jovial tone here but would ask @lindalu-MSFT about whether spoiler alert is ok to use and translatable. 
```suggestion
- [Office Add-ins Platform Overview](office-add-ins.md): Find out what Office Web Add-ins are and how they differ from older ways of extending Office, such as VSTO add-ins. (Spoiler alert: they're cross-platform web apps embedded in Office). 
```

> - [Building Office Add-ins](office-add-ins-fundamentals.md): Get the 1000-meter view of Office add-in development and lifecycle including tools, creating an add-in UI, and using the JavaScript APIs to interact with the Office document.

Reviewer 2: Again I wonder if 1000-meter makes sense in other languages. Also, I get the use of metric to be global but it is uncommon in Europe/Canada to say the 1000-meter view in my experience. Maybe it is an American colloquialism when used with foot?

Author: done

> - [Building Office Add-ins](office-add-ins-fundamentals.md): Get the 1000 meter view of Office add-in development and lifecycle including tools, creating an add-in UI, and using the JavaScript APIs to interact with the Office document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Building Office Add-ins](office-add-ins-fundamentals.md): Get the 1000-meter view of Office add-in development and lifecycle including tools, creating an add-in UI, and using the JavaScript APIs to interact with the Office document.
```

> There are a lot of links in those articles, but if you're a beginner with Office add-ins, we recommend that you come back here when you've read them and continue with the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a lot of links in those articles, but if you're a beginner with Office Add-ins, we recommend that you come back here when you've read them and continue with the next section.
```

> ## 2 Install tools and create your first add-in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2. Install tools and create your first add-in
```

> You've got the big picture now, but you need tools before you can code. Use one of our quick starts. For purposes of learning the platform, we recommend the Excel quick start. For each we have a version that is based on Visual Studio and a version that is based in Node.js and Visual Studio Code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You've got the big picture now, so dive in with one of our quick starts. For purposes of learning the platform, we recommend the Excel quick start. In each quick start, you can choose what tools to work with, like Visual Studio or Node.js and Visual Studio Code. 
```

- [Visual Studio](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md?tabs=visualstudio)
- [Node.js and Visual Studio Code](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md?tabs=yeomangenerator)

> ## 3 Code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 3. Code
```

> You can't learn to drive by reading the owner's manual, so start coding with this [Excel tutorial](../tutorials/excel-tutorial.md). You'll be using the Office JavaScript library, and some XML in the add-in's manifest, but don't try to memorize anything. You'll be getting more background about both in a later steps.

Reviewer 2: I think I would avoid putting negative "you can't" statements into any public facing docs. 
```suggestion
Next, expand your knowledge by completing the [Excel tutorial](../tutorials/excel-tutorial.md). You'll be using the Office JavaScript library and some XML in the add-in's manifest. There's no need to memorize this process, because you'll be getting more background about both in a later steps.
```

Author: I've made part of this change, but the "can't" here is not a negative about the platform. It's just part of a metaphor.

> ## 4 Understand the JavaScript library

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 4. Understand the JavaScript library
```

> First, get the big picture of the Office JavaScript library with this tutorial from Microsoft Learn: [Understand the Office JavaScript APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/understand-office-javascript-apis/index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, get the big picture of the Office JavaScript library with this tutorial from Microsoft Learn: [Understand the Office JavaScript APIs](/learn/modules/understand-office-javascript-apis/index).
```

> Then explore the Office JavaScript APIs using [the Script Lab tool](explore-with-script-lab.md).

Reviewer 2: Do we need any more explanation about what Script Lab is or does? Context might be helpful but perhaps we are just trying to keep this as short as possible

Author: done

> ## 5 Understand the manifest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 5. Understand the manifest
```

Get an understanding of the purposes of the add-in manifest and an introduction to its XML markup in [Office Add-ins XML manifest](../develop/add-in-manifests.md).

## Next Steps

> You're not a beginner anymore. Here are some suggestions for further exploration of our documentation:

Reviewer 2: Reframe to the positive
```suggestion
Congratulations on finishing the beginner's learning path for Office Add-ins! Here are some suggestions for further exploration of our documentation:
```

Author: done

- Tutorials or quick starts for other Office applications:

  - [OneNote quick start](../quickstarts/onenote-quickstart.md)

>   - [Outlook tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/outlook/add-ins/addin-tutorial)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Outlook tutorial](/outlook/add-ins/addin-tutorial)
```
